[MLflow Demo] Docs for GenAI Demo (#20240)
mlflow/mlflow: docs/docs/genai/index.mdx

  }
]} />

:::tip Try MLflow GenAI Now

> Explore everything MLflow has to offer for GenAI lifecycle management with pre-populated demo data—no setup required:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Explore everything MLflow has to offer for GenAI observability, evaluation, prompt management, with pre-populated demo data. No setup required, open a terminal and run the following command:
```
